Prepare changelogs for v3 (#1915)
precice/precice: docs/changelog/1422.md

> - Added support for higher-order BSpline interpolation (based on multiple samples in current window).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for higher-order B-spline interpolation (based on multiple samples in current window).
```

Because this is how it is written [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B-spline)
